Double License for Malkavian Madness Kitchen

This project, "Malkavian Madness Kitchen," authored by Sandi Wallendahl, is
dual-licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International
License (CC BY-SA 4.0) and the GNU General Public License version 3 (GPL-3.0).
By using, distributing, or contributing to this project, you agree to the terms
and conditions of both licenses.

CREATIVE COMMONS ATTRIBUTION-SHAREALIKE 4.0 INTERNATIONAL LICENSE (CC BY-SA 4.0)

For any non-software content in this project, including but not limited to
documentation, graphics, and data, the following license applies:

Creative Commons Corporation ("Creative Commons") is not a law firm and does not
provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of Creative Commons public
licenses does not create a lawyer-client or other relationship. Creative Commons
makes its licenses and related information available on an "as-is" basis.
Creative Commons gives no warranties regarding its licenses, any material
licensed under their terms and conditions, or any related information.
Creative Commons disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to
the fullest extent possible.

Using Creative Commons Public Licenses

Creative Commons public licenses provide a standard set of terms and conditions
that creators and other rights holders may use to share original works of
authorship and other material subject to copyright and certain other rights
specified in the public license below. The following text will apply to all
non-software content in this project.

See the full text of the CC BY-SA 4.0 license here:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode

GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE VERSION 3 (GPL-3.0)

For all software content in this project, including but not limited to source
code, binaries, and related materials, the following license applies:

The GNU GPL is a free, copyleft license for software and other kinds of works.

The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed to take
away your freedom to share and change the works. By contrast, the GNU General
Public License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change all
versions of a program--to make sure it remains free software for all its users.
We, the Free Software Foundation, use the GNU General Public License for most of
our software; it applies also to any other work released this way by its
authors. You can apply it to your programs, too.

See the full text of the GPL-3.0 license here:
https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html
